[Divider] Able to pass `undefined` to remove role (#33584)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/dividers/dividers.md

{{"demo": "DividerText.js"}}

:::info

> **♿️ Tips**: If you use the `Divider` for visual decoration of your content (eg. a heading), you should do this to make sure that screen readers can announce your content to the users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Accessibility tips**: When using the `Divider component for visual decoration, such as in a heading, follow the tips below to make sure screen readers can announce your app's content to users correctly:
```

> - specify an appropriate `component` prop (eg. `div`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- specify an appropriate `component` prop (e.g. `div`)
```
